Archive swap command (#3313)
comit-network/comit-rs: nectar/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

-   New command to archive swaps: `nectar archive-swap <swap id>`.

>     The command should be done while nectar is stopped as it updates the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The command should only be used while nectar is stopped as it updates the database.
```

    Archiving a swap stops nectar to resume its automated execution, `create-transaction` command can then be used to recover funds.

### Changed

> -   **DB Change**: Add an "archived" field to stored swap data;

Reviewer: This is not a separate feature, hence I would mention it twice.

What do you think about including a general notice at the beginning of the changelog that says: "This release includes changes to the DB schema, we recommend to backup your data directory before upgrading"?
